 Stop right there. I love your ideas, Noelia, but a trampoline? Really?
Absolutely. When do you have your best ideas?
I don't know. Usually when I'm cooking, I suppose.
But having fun helps you be creative, and being creative is vital to our business! 
I come home,
feet about to bleed
from angry stomping.
“Boy!” says Mom.
“Quit making all that racket.”
But what does she expect
when, day after day,
haters sling words at me
like jagged stones
designed to split my skin?
I retreat to my room,
collapse on the bed,
count, “One. Two. Three...”
When I get to ten,
I snatch up journal and pen,
flip to a clean page,
and unload my hurt, my rage
’til I can breathe, again.
Letter by letter,
I rediscover
my power to decide
which words matter,
which words don’t,
and whose.
Calm, now, I remember:
I get to choose.
The sea in the wind in the half-light, clearing its throat of  pebbles,
Cloud shadows coming down the mountain with the steady speed
Of a paddle wheel. Light on the foothills already gone,
So that you need not look at the seminary on top
Of  the tallest—fat, square, and gray as a helping of  lard.
The roar from the beach stops suddenly, as if waves lost their nerve.
One dead branch of olive higher than Tsiknias from where I sit,
Its fingers pressed against the aquarium of the sky.
Then the sudden humanity of a bell
Struck twice, twice more, the rope
Rattling in its socket.
Earlier on I had colored the mountainside, crudely but fairly,
Getting at least the fall of the scree right
And the rasp of sun across schist—well, almost.
I look down at the painting now and try to decide
If the scene looks ready for the bell to sound.
No scene ever is.
Danger and chance are written on the face of things,
Grass fires, fog, fault lines, winds from the north,
Clumps of arthritic pines protesting,
Havoc among the flowering onions,
Ghosts, and the world descending
To waterlessness and unwelcome summer—
But not recurrence, not Nature, not the order of  service.
A snarling of  pebbles up from the beach again, as if  the waves
Have decided they might still win. Then the bell from the village.
The rope’s dry cough.
A doll was forgotten in a bedroom
when the old owners of the house moved out
and G-ma and Gramps moved their family in.
There’s an old photograph in an album
of boy Uncle Roy laughing, holding it
in a jumble of moving-in boxes.
It spent thirty years on the shelf in the hall closet,
a reminder of the history of the house.
It was graduated up to the attic
the day G-ma made the last house payment.
There’s a framed photo of that day,
G-ma surrounded by handsome men sons.
My cousins and I sit in the parlor
paging through albums. Photos on the walls
capture special events, celebrations.
The grownup voices drift across the hall:
Dad and the uncles sharing memories,
two aunts calling from the kitchen.
The cousins whisper about The Floatin Baby.
My dad says he was always scared of that doll ...
Yeah, and my dad says he thought it carried the rage
the before-us owners felt when they sold the house
to Gramps and G-ma ... You’d open the closet door,
even in August, and feel the rage chill ...
Ten minutes alone in the attic, the cousins say,
and The Floatin Baby floats up from behind
the boxes and spiderwebs. They’ve all seen her:
a plump, pink babydoll with wide blue eyes,
puckering up and holding out her arms.
Just ten minutes alone up there. You scared?
Just ten minutes alone, the cousins coax.
Come on. It’s our family tradition ...
The attic’s up two flights of stairs
lined with sad-looking wallpaper.
Where we live, houses don’t have inside steps.
Or basements, or second floors, or attics.
I walk in front, hand on the bannister.
We pass Malcolm, Dr. King, and Barack
and Michelle Obama, weddings, babies.
We pass a scroll called “The Serenity Prayer.”
Young Dad holds his thumbs up before I was born,
and it feels like he’s looking straight at me.
Omari leads us up the attic stairs
into a cold, dark-raftered open space
where plastic clothes bags hang from a garment rack
and trunks and boxes gape open here and there.
The other cousins huddle together.
I ask myself: Am I a fraidy-cat?
I pick up a few old hardcover books
and some brittle-paged, browning paperbacks
and put them back. Look one by one
through a pile of kid art signed in crayon.
The cousins have stopped whispering. I am
alone. I hear feet rumbling down the stairs.
I find a bundle of stamped envelopes
addressed in cursive to G-ma as “Miss.”
I’m standing there concentrating on untying the knots,
She looks
just like my friend Evan’s baby sister.
I pick her up and put her in a box,
on top of some books and old report cards.
I find a fake fur jacket in the garment bag
and tuck her under it, so she looks warm.
If she was carrying rage, it’s time to stop.
Evan’s baby sister can say my name.
I hear them calling Dinner’s served!
I run downstairs, wash my hands, take my place.
The cousins grin at me, and raise their thumbs.
G-ma tells Uncle John to say the grace.
She tells Uncle Roy to carve the bird.
She says Y’all remember to save room for my pie!